something that I think is very important for junior and senior leaders
to know, um is the chain of command. It is so important to follow the
chain of command. It starts with, uh, the junior sailors knowing
their position and the senior sailors also knowing their position. When
we do this, we are following the order. Um, and in boot camp, the
first thing we learn is how to follow orders and thio to learn how
thio follow the chain of command. And it starts with first acknowledging
that there has been a order. Secondly, moving it up the chain,
Um, that way, when it gets to the top, the top leaders sailors, um,
they make the decision and then it can come back down. If you are overstepping
your bounds or overstepping the chain of command, then there's
a break in that chain. When when you look at it or when you think
about it, you think of it just like a chain. Um, there are links
to the chain, and the strongest link is at the top. But if you mess
up the ones in the middle, then the chain is broken, so it's very
important to utilize the chain of command